Why is it important for the Scrum Master to help the team focus on daily and Iteration goals?
 To keep the Team Backlog to a manageable size
 To eliminate impediments
 To help the team maintain their velocity
 To facilitate the team's progress towards the current PI Objectives|To facilitate the team's progress towards the current PI Objectives;How often should a system demo occur?
 After the end of each program increment (PI)
 After every release
 After every iteration
 After every other iteration|After every release;At the end of the first Iteration, the team finishes User Stories A, B, and 50% of C. The Story sizes are set at these points:Story A = 8 pointsStory B = 1 pointStory C = 5 pointsStory D = 3 pointsWhat is the team's velocity?
 9
 7
 14
 11.5|9;What falls outside the Scrum Master's responsibility? (Choose two.)
Estimating Stories for the team
Facilitating backlog refinement
Assigning Stories to team members
Facilitating the team's Innovation and Planning event
Coaching the team|Estimating Stories for the team
Assigning Stories to team members;The Scrum Master is what above all else?
 A servant leader
 A team coach
 An event facilitator
 The iteration owner|A servant leader;The SAFe Scrum Master role includes responsibilities to which other group?
 Business owners
 Solution Management
 Solution Train Engineers
 The other Agile Teams on the Agile release train (ART)|The other Agile Teams on the Agile release train (ART);When is a Feature hypothesis fully evaluated?
 When the Feature's return on investment has been realized
 When the Customer uses the Feature in production
 When the Feature is accepted by Product Management
 When the Feature has been deployed to production|When the Customer uses the Feature in production;What are two common anti-patterns during program increment (PI) planning? (Choose two.)
Pressure is put on teams to overcommit
A detailed plan becomes the goal rather than alignment
Alignment becomes the goal rather than a detailed plan
The innovation and planning (IP) iteration is left empty of planned work
The team determines their own capacity and load|Pressure is put on teams to overcommit
A detailed plan becomes the goal rather than alignment;Which team dysfunction does SAFe help address with the help of Business Owners?
 Missed timeboxes
 Lack of visibility
 Lack of transparency
 Avoidance of accountability|Avoidance of accountability;The goal of Lean is to deliver the maximum Customer value in the shortest sustainable lead time while providing what else?
 The highest possible quality
 A Continuous Delivery Pipeline
 Improved capacity allocation
 Significant team contributions|The highest possible quality;What is an example of Scrum Master servant leader behavior?
 Strives to create a conflict-free environment
 Uses persuasion instead of authority
 Focuses on the day-to-day team activities
 Keeps their opinions to themselves|Uses persuasion instead of authority;Why is it important for a Scrum Master to be a servant leader?
 To drive the team to succeed
 To coach the team in effective engineering practices
 To help the team become high-performing
 To provide team structure|To help the team become high-performing;How can a Scrum Master support a problem-solving workshop?
 By providing facilitation to breakout groups focused on specific problems
 By acting as a subject matter expert and suggesting improvements
 By coaching the Release Train Engineer on managing the event
 By estimating the work effort required to implement recommended improvements|By providing facilitation to breakout groups focused on specific problems;What is the goal of the scrum of scrums event?
 To review the Agile Release Train's progress toward its PI Objectives
 To focus on Agile Release Train process improvement
 To review each team's progress on its Stories
 To demo Features to Product Management|To review the Agile Release Train's progress toward its PI Objectives;Which Agile Manifesto principle describes the importance of PI Planning in SAFe?
 Working software is the primary measure of progress
 Simplicity, the art of maximizing the amount of work not done, is essential
 The best architectures, requirements, and designs emerge from self-organizing teams
 The most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and within an Agile Team is face-to-face conversation|The most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and within an Agile Team is face-to-face conversation;What is one purpose of iterations?
 To provide an architectural basis for future development
 To provide a regular cadence for producing increments of value
 To provide fast feedback learning cycles and frequent integration
 To demonstrate the increment to stakeholders|To provide a regular cadence for producing increments of value;What is a characteristic of an effective Scrum Master?
 Gives open, honest opinions
 Understands customer needs
 Is a technical expert
 Removes all conflict|Gives open, honest opinions;An effective Scrum Master helps the team with what?
 Team metrics
 Relentless improvement
 Deploying work
 Risk mitigation|Relentless improvement;What is an innovation and planning (IP) Iteration anti-pattern?
 Leave the IP iteration empty of work as an estimating guard band
 Plan work for the IP iteration during program increment (PI) planning
 Plan innovation spikes or hackathons to occur during the IP iteration
 Use the IP iteration for infrastructure improvements|Plan work for the IP iteration during program increment (PI) planning;What is one benefit of program increment (PI) objectives?
 They describe a process for defining team goals
 They ensure accurate status reporting
 They create a near-term focus and vision
 They form a guiding coalition|They create a near-term focus and vision;What does the letter C represent in SAFe's CALMR approach to DevOps?
 Collaboration
 Continuous delivery
 Culture
 Continuous deploymen|Culture;What is one of the Scrum Master's responsibilities during the innovation and planning (IP) Iteration?
 Update the program increment (PI) roadmap
 Facilitate the team preparation for the program increment (PI) system demo
 Remove scope that exceeds capacity
 Create the program predictability measure|Facilitate the team preparation for the program increment (PI) system demo;Which two practices are recommended in SAFe for root cause analysis? (Choose two.)
Post-PI Planning meeting
Fishbone diagram
Iteration retrospective
Weighted shortest job first
5 Whys|Fishbone diagram
5 Whys;How does the Scrum Master provide the most value to the team?
 By ensuring timeboxes are kept during team meetings
 By scheduling critical scrum events
 By facilitating discussions between the Product Owner and the team
 By removing impediments for the team|By removing impediments for the team;Scrum Masters help remove impediments, foster an environment for high-performing team dynamics, and what else?
 Form and re-form teams
 Continuously deliver value
 Estimate stories
 Lead team efforts in relentless improvement|Lead team efforts in relentless improvement;What foundational issue most often leads to team dysfunction?
 Weak Lean-Agile leadership
 Lack of commitment
 Absence of trust
 Fear of conflict|Absence of trust;What is the Scrum Master's role in team breakout #1?
 Facilitate the coordination with other teams for dependencies
 Create mitigation plans for each risk
 Raise team level risks
 Resolve dependencies with other teams|Facilitate the coordination with other teams for dependencies;When is iteration planning completed?
 When iteration goals are defined
 When story analysis is complete
 When the team commits to the plan
 When the team capacity is determined|When the team commits to the plan;What does transparency mean in a scrum environment?
 Team members must immediately share any and all feedback with each other
 Development and Operations teams work together
 The team is constantly improving its process
 The process is visible to all stakeholders|The process is visible to all stakeholders;What are two primary opportunities in SAFe for driving relentless improvement? (Choose two.) 
Daily stand-up Iteration retrospective Inspect and adapt event Iteration review Management review and problem-solving meeting|Iteration retrospective
Inspect and adapt event;When looking at a program board at the end of program increment (PI) planning, what does it mean when a feature is placed in a team's swim lane with no strings?
 That the team has not broken the feature into stories yet and has not identified dependencies
 That the team has been assigned, but the feature dependencies have not been identified yet
 That it has dependencies on teams in other Agile release trains (ARTs) or Solution Trains
 That the feature can be completed by that team independently|That the feature can be completed by that team independently;Why is a confidence vote held at the end of program increment (PI) planning?
 To build shared commitment to the plan
 To remove the risks for the PI
 To ensure the business owners accept the plan
 To hold the teams accountable if the Agile release train does not deliver on its commitment|To build shared commitment to the plan;A servant leader knows that his or her own growth comes from what?
 Effective training
 Management support
 Facilitating the growth of others
 Implementing a CALMR approach to DevOps|Facilitating the growth of others;SAFe is based on three primary bodies of knowledge which include Agile development, systems thinking, and what type of product development?
 Iterative product development
 Adaptive product development
 Incremental product development
 Lean product development|Lean product development;What is a common reason why a team is unable to estimate a story?
 The story does not include a role
 The story lacks acceptance criteria
 The team has no experience in estimating
 The team does not understand the tasks related to the story|The story lacks acceptance criteria;During PI Planning, who owns Feature priorities?
 Release Train Engineer
 Business Owner
 Solution Architect/Engineer
 Product Management|Product Management;When estimating stories, what is the Scrum Master's key responsibility?
 Limit discussion to manage timeboxes
 Provide information about customer needs
 Ensure everyone on the team participates
 Ensure the team gives accurate estimates|Ensure everyone on the team participates;How does SAFe handle the 'fear of conflict' team dysfunction?
 Avoids discussion of disagreements
 Uses scrum to create a safe environment for conflict
 Has teams engage in retrospectives
 Reviews results at the end of every iteration|Uses scrum to create a safe environment for conflict;Which two actions are part of the Scrum Master's role in PI Planning? (Choose two.)
Prioritize Features to support the Program Vision
Ensure the team builds a plan they can commit to
Manage the program board
Serve as the Customer proxy and work with Product Management
Align the Agile Release Train to a common Vision|Manage the program board
Ensure the team builds a plan they can commit to;Scrum Masters are effective by using scrum methods, supporting SAFe principles and practices, and what else?
 Supporting delivery using Agile practices
 Serving as a customer proxy
 Writing stories and enablers
 Managing architectural runway|Supporting delivery using Agile practices;When working with an Agile Team, what is expected from Product Management?
 To clarify the scope of feature work
 To define the technical software specifications
 To provide the iteration goals to the team
 To prioritize the team backlog|To clarify the scope of feature work;Cadence and synchronization help reduce uncertainty and manage what?
 Product Management
 Other commitments
 Capacity allocation
 The variability in Solution development|The variability in Solution development;Becoming a coach requires a shift from old behaviors to new ones. What are three examples of new coaching behaviors? (Choose three.)
Drive toward specific outcomes
Fix problems for the team
Focus on business value delivery
Focus on deadlines
Ask the team for the answer
Facilitate team problem-solving|Ask the team for the answer
Facilitate team problem-solving
Focus on business value delivery;Which two behaviors should a Scrum Master represent as a coach? (Choose two.)
​ Set long-term goals for the team Provide subject matter expertise Encourage the team to learn from their mistakes Lay out the team's plan for the iteration Focus on deadlines and technical options|Encourage the team to learn from their mistakes
Lay out the team's plan for the iteration;